{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10480\viewh18180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 DRAGON ZOO
\b0 \
\
Dragons love caves, gold and solitude. I would give each dragon a large cave filled with gold. The gold itself would be the largest initial investment, but this initial investment would come from the taxpayers and the dragons would be informed of this. The zoo, then, would offer safety, comfort and luxury for the dragons and they would know that their visitors who came to gape at their majesty were truly in awe of them. In a sense, the dragons would be as royalty.\
\
Additionally, the dragons would gain interest on their gold and would receive a salary merely for allowing themselves to be gawked at. When the didn't want to be gawked at, they were perfectly welcome to hang out in their caves on top of their piles of gold. However, since there are two dragons, they would have to work in shifts during the open zoo hours (minus a certain amount of time for breaks and lunch, of course). \
\
Another great benefit of the two dragons working shifts is that, though they are solitary creatures by nature, this is largely a habit due to being hunted and persecuted by ignorant man throughout history. Now that things have obviously changed quite a bit, they would naturally feel a bit more social and so, the opportunity would always be there to hang out with another dragon if they so desired. This is another luxury which is not easily obtained by dragons due to the fact that most dragons are quite well hidden even from other dragons.\
\
Over time, perhaps the dragons would reproduce and perhaps a bond would be created between humankind and dragonkind and once again the world could flourish as dragons taught man all the secrets of their magic.\
\
Thanks,\
Nathan Snyder\
}