{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9140\viewh14180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DRAGON ZOO\
\
Dragons love caves, gold and solitude. I would give each dragon a large cave filled with gold. I would tell you more, but I've just discovered this application and I've got 15 minutes left to get this to you.\
\
\
WHAT EXCITES ME ABOUT ZAPPOS\
\
As soon as I saw this application form, I remembered that I saw a 20/20 episode or perhaps a 60 Minutes episode about Zappos a few years ago and the general idea from what I remember was that it seemed like a very cool place to work. When I read over the 4 steps, I knew it was a cool place to work, but I didn't find out about it in time. I have 10 minutes now to send this application in. \
\
I liked that the requirement was people who maybe "a little weird." I seem to remember "weird is good" being the general phrase or idea and that it was all about genuine originality, not about fashionable weirdness. \
\
I watched the videos on your application page and  I am currently located in New York and want to move out west where it is warmer. I especially love that you are willing to train the people who seem to be the right personality type. I would absolutely love to be part of that 6-week training course and would be excited to be a part of a company that would train me up this way. \
\
I have quite a bit of experience with websites and different languages, but apparently not enough to get this gitHub ssh connection working. As such, I have attached My Zombie Apocalypse Responsive website and my Alphabetized bookshelf list in a zip file attached. I have a repository at gitHub I just made here:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/currentcreative/Zappos/blob/master/README.md"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/currentcreative/Zappos/blob/master/README.md}}\
\
But, I can't connect through ssh and the time has run out. \
\
Oh well, I hope you will check out my Zombie site. I had fun making it and overall this application process was a fun project, regardless. Thank you for giving me the opportunity.\
\
Best,\
\
Nathan Snyder}